# Task B

## Student details

Name: Chow Jia Ying

Student Number: A0187457M

## Assignment details

Link to the repository: <https://github.com/C-likethis123/CS3219/tree/master/Task_B>

## Task B1

This section explains how to set up the repository.

### Setting up

1. Install Docker
2. Clone the repository
3. Change into the 'Task B' folder: `cd Task_B`

### Without Docker
4. Install dependencies: `npm i`
5. Build and start the server: `npm run build && npm run start`

### With Docker
6. Start the docker container with `docker-compose up --build`, and stop the containers with `docker-compose down`


7. The server can be accessed at localhost:8080, which is the host of the API endpoints.

### API endpoints available

#### Get all tasks

Endpoint: `/api/tasks`
Method: GET

It returns a 200 OK response with all tasks in the database.

#### Get a task

Endpoint: `api/tasks/<id>`

Method: GET

Returns: 200 OK response with the task in the database. If it does not exist, it returns a 200 response, but with `{ data: null }`

#### Create a task

Endpoint: `api/tasks/`

Method: POST

Body format:

```
{
  "title": String, compulsory
  "description": String,
  "date": Date, defaults to the current date.
}
```

Returns: 200 OK response with the following details on the newly created task.

```
{
  data: {
    "id": Id,
    "title": String,
    "description": String,
    "date": Date,
    "isCompleted": Boolean,
  }
}
```

#### Edit a task

Endpoint: `api/tasks/<id>`

Method: POST

Body format:

```
{
  "title": String, compulsory
  "description": String,
  "date": Date, defaults to the current date,
  "isCompleted": Boolean,
}
```

Returns: 200 OK response with the details on the edited task, if the update is successful.

TODO: 404 error when the task cannot be found, currently it returns 200 OK.
TODO: allow partial updates

#### Delete a task

Endpoint: `api/tasks/<id>`

Method: DELETE

Returns: 200 OK with the ID if the delete is successful.
TODO: returns 404 if the delete is not successful

## Task B2

### Testing

### Resources consulted

For this task, I referred to the following links:
- [https://medium.com/@asciidev/testing-a-node-express-application-with-mocha-chai-9592d41c0083](https://medium.com/@asciidev/testing-a-node-express-application-with-mocha-chai-9592d41c0083)

## Design Decisions

### Using a number to represent date

For standardisation between the frontend and backend, I decided to store the UNIX timestamp, which is in the form of an integer. This is a much simpler format than using a date string, where there are many ways to format.

When the frontend app wants to display dates, it can use date libraries like Moment or date-fns to parse this representation into a date string.
